
#Evolv multimod
mode = mode of behavior
neuroevolution = evolution of artifical neural networks... <- define
	RL = policy based reinforcement learning
	neur.. is an example of RL
POMDP = Paritally observable markov decision processes <- define

This paper shows how the performance of neuroevolution
can be improved in multi-modal domains.
It does this by having several different sets of output neurons.
Each individual set completly defines a potential mode
of behavior for the agent.


.. so the solution is the behaviour or output set?

A game is being used as competition.

Maximize time alive, Why?

MOEA = Pareto-based Multi-Objective Evulationary Algoritms

a modified form of NSGA-II is used for the GA.

Definition of dominitaion: a.forall(b >= a) && a.exists(b>a), there is at
least one element bigger in b then in a and all other elements are at
least equal or bigger.

pareto optimal = non dominated collection.

offspring = clone + mutation.

truncte elitism is used.

Important, the objectives are ranked, if there is an equilibrem called a
pareto front which is to big for the next generation than objectives that
are less important are dropped. Until there is just one left, then random.

After cloning mutations are applied. What mutation occurs is probabiliscly
selected (similiarly to NEAT <-- look this up) this paper introduces also
a reduce operator, simaraly to a remove in a linked list. Its purpouse
is a cleanup. doing it this way is aperantly new in this paper...
Experimients indicate this is *also* an improvment... <- what?

Why the hell don't these guys just make a network for every possible mode?
	to help discovery of hidden features in the environment and share it?

Homogenous teams is a team where each member uses the same neural network.

Didn't the average scoring system mess up the 1Mode mutation?

He ask the question, why do I have to many output nodes? Well you never specified
a delete mutation for output nodes (I think)

He also gets overly philosopical about them. `its not certain wether these nodes
are never used or once were usefull`.
Why doesn't he just keep track of them ?? Its a relativley minor change,
if he provided the source I could've done it for him.

There are many arbitrary numbers involved coming forth out of perliminary
expirements without a source. for example the generation cap of 300 is just...

The conclusion sais there is just one operator being added. But I count 2.
The linked list one and the output operator. Its a little misleading

Crosover is not used, WHY?
